Update GSoD-interest.md for 2021 (#247)
chaoss/governance: GSoD-interest.md

# Google Season of Docs 2020 Interested Candidates
# Google Season of Docs 2021 Interested Candidates

Hi potential GSoD students,

> If you are interested in participating in Season of Docs as a technical writer, first familiarize yourself with the technical writer guide at https://goo.gl/dMVSQ8 and the technical writer responsibilities at https://goo.gl/BEqo2A. Check the [GSoD 2020 Technical Writer Participant Agreement](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/terms/tech-writer-terms) too.

Reviewer: Maybe keep this?

Author: Okay :+1:

3. Know more about the working groups from here, [Participate, CHAOSS Community](https://chaoss.community/participate/).

---

A few details regarding the application process specific to the CHAOSS project:

1) You must select one (or more) idea out of the five ideas which we have proposed. You can find the ideas at the GSoD Idea page at: [GSoD-ideas.md](./GSoD-ideas.md).

2) Once you have selected the idea, create a pull request on this file below to add yourself, your information, and a link to your proposal. **UPDATE:** This repository now requires [Developer Certificate of Origin](https://developercertificate.org/) (DCO) sign-off; see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/chaoss/governance/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-or-document-change-contributions-github-interface) for details on how to sign your commits.

3) You are welcome to include in your previous technical writing work, contributions to other projects, skills, and other related information.

4) Using and submitting other people's work as your own is not allowed. If you use other people's work, be sure to acknowledge their work in your submission.

> You must complete these things by July 9, 2020 at 18:00 UTC. Make sure to also submit the [Technical Writer Application Form for 2020 Season of Docs](https://bit.ly/gsod-tw-app), provided by Google.

Reviewer: Maybe update the process we follow for applicants this year?

# Google Season of Docs 2021 Interested Candidates

Hi potential GSoD students,

If you are interested in participating in Season of Docs as a technical writer, first familiarize yourself with the [Technical Writer Guide | Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/tech-writer-guide).

> This document serves the purpose of Statement of Interest which has to be submitted by the technical writers. Please read about it, [Creating a statement of interest | Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/tech-writer-statement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a link to your document below serves the purpose of Statement of Interest which has to be submitted by the technical writers. Please read about it, [Creating a statement of interest | Season of Docs](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/tech-writer-statement).
```
